---
order: 0
---
## How We Became Pals

We met one cold morning in April 2016 before the George Washington Parkway Classic, an annual 10 mile run starting in Mount Vernon, the home of George Washington, and ending in Old Town Alexandria, in the suburbs of northern Virginia. Aleta planned to run with some friends from Georgetown (hello, Connor, Meredith, Michelle, and Patrick!! They’ll be at the wedding), and Ira planned to run with some coworkers (hello again, Connor). In the half hour before the race, this group of twentysomethings huddled beneath foil blankets to keep warm and chat as the sun rose. We were introduced and made small talk. Ira noticed Aleta’s November Project buff and immediately started asking questions about and poking fun at the free fitness craze he’d successfully avoided, despite the recruitment efforts of a friend. Aleta politely answered Ira’s questions and giggled at his jokes. We’d chatted just long enough to remember each other’s names before we were funneled into corrals to start the race. 

The race went great for both of us (Ira distinctly remembers passing Aleta about 4 miles in), and afterwards we joined up with our respective friends and coworkers, to recap the race and pet Ira’s boss’s very cute dog. With her post-race endorphins running high, Aleta noted three things: 1) Ira ran a fast race 2) he was pretty cute and 3) he might be allergic to dogs (this is true, but no one else in our respective families seems to have noticed). In fact, she thought he might even be a potential romantic interest. Despite her interest, no numbers were requested and thus, no numbers were exchanged. Aleta left the Parkway Classic with but a single lifeline: our mutual friend turned unwitting wingman, Connor. 

Throughout the spring and summer, Ira and Connor become friends while traveling to Europe for work, going to soccer matches along the way. In the meantime, Aleta began her lobbying campaign and asked Connor to ask Ira about Aleta. Aleta also asked Meredith to ask Connor to ask Ira about Aleta. Meredith then, on her own, asked Connor to ask Ira about Aleta. After enough instances of Connor asking Ira about Aleta, Ira finally got the hint about the cute girl from the race. He decided to join Connor’s kickball team, for the chance to ruin the grass on the National Mall, chase district sports glory, and hopefully get to know Aleta a little better. With the help of a truly humongous cast of characters (hi, Maggie, Steph, Drew, Peter, Olga and our entire summer kickball team!) the slow burning pursuit of love began. 

Finally, in September 2016, Ira asked Aleta on a first date. Filled with the misplaced confidence of a 24 year-old white man working in consulting, he asked Aleta to go rock climbing, despite not having rock climbed since a middle school birthday party. Aleta happily obliged and showed up with her own rock climbing shoes, ready to send a few v3s and 4s. Despite the skill mismatch, we had a great time and grabbed pizza nearby, each of us too nervously excited to finish our slices. In the weeks that followed, we biked and ran around DC, nervously ate more pizza (we can and do eat pizza normally now - ask Ira for his Seattle Pizza Rankings by the way), treated each other to gelato, and kissed on the steps of the National Portrait Gallery, under the autumn moon. 

From there, the rest, as they say, is history.

\**A note on language*: We decided early on in our situationship that we preferred the term “pals” to just about any other to describe our relationship. (Many thanks are due to Steven and Katie for the inspiration - they’ll also be at the wedding.) The term stuck, so chances are you’ll hear it during the wedding.