---
order: 2
---

OK, now that your accommodations are sorted, let’s talk about getting to the island. Like booking accommodations, travel to San Juan Island is best reserved in advance (just not quite as far in advance).

If you’re traveling from out of state, you can fly into Seatac (Seattle/Tacoma) or Paine Field (Everett). Seatac is the larger of the two airports with the widest array of flight options. Paine Field is much smaller but technically closer to the venue. We may recommend flying through Seatac to ensure that any travel issues can be mitigated more quickly, but Paine Field may be a good option for folks who are able to fly directly there. (Note: if you are flying into Washington, we suggest arriving by Thursday, August 8 and departing late Sunday, August 11 — or even Monday, August 12. From either airport, it is still a lengthy drive and an hourlong boat ride or a short second flight to get to and from San Juan Island. We’d love for you to avoid travel stress while you’re here for our wedding!)

If you are coming in from out of town, you may want a rental car if you are planning to do more than attend wedding activities. We also are hoping to organize shuttles as needed/appropriate – more to come on that. 

Once you’re on the ground in Washington, there are a few options to get to San Juan Island: 
* **Ferry** - Our preferred way to get to San Juan Island is via Washington State Ferry which requires getting to Anacortes, Washington (about 1.5 hours north of Seattle, depending on traffic – via car or shuttle) where you can walk, bike or drive on to the ferry. 
    * *Walk on*: If you are comfortable walking on to the ferry, you just need to get to Anacortes. We are happy to help organize carpools or there is also a [shuttle](https://airporter.com/shuttle/schedules/anacortes-san-juan-islands/) that picks up at both airports and downtown Seattle. You can also bike on to the ferry (like we did back in 2021). Again, we’re happy to coordinate carpools for luggage or people if you decide to walk or bike. You do not need an advance reservation if you plan to walk on or bike on to the ferry (though you will need to arrive prior to your preferred sailing time to buy a ticket).  
    * *Drive on*: **If you plan to drive on to the ferry, you WILL need a [reservation](https://secureapps.wsdot.wa.gov/Ferries/Reservations/Vehicle/default.aspx)**. Washington State Ferry reservations become available in blocks two months prior to sailing, two weeks prior to sailing and two days prior to sailing at 7am PT. We will be in touch via email, text and on this very website with when, how and what to do with your car reservation.  
* **Plane** - Perhaps the most scenic way to get to San Juan Island is by airplane. You can take a small plane from Seatac or Paine Field directly to Friday Harbor Airport (FHR) or you can also take a [float plane](https://kenmoreair.com/) (!) from a variety of locations in and around Seattle to Friday Harbor. 
* ***Potential boat from downtown*** - There MAY be a direct boat option to San Juan Island from Seattle (service was discontinued during 2020, but may return in 2024) – we will be in touch on that option if it becomes available. 